1. Run develop command inside terminal (in main directory) -
    truffle develop
    
    One will obtain 12-word length seedphrase after running above command. 
    Copy it as value of "seed" in .secrets. Do not share for avoiding loss of ethers after code is deployed to Ethereum Mainnet.
    One will also observe multiple accounts and private keys after running develop command. 
    Paste anyone account's address (hexadecimal format) at https://faucet.ropsten.be/ and click on Send me test Ether to get free ethers.
    These ethers are only valid for Ropsten network.
    Go to infura.io, sign up and then login. 
    Create New Project. View Project. One will see Project ID, Project Secret and Endpoint listed. Change Endpoint to "Ropsten".
    Copy URL haveing format ropsten.infura.io/v3/{multiple-digit numbers}
    Paste the {multiple-digit numbers} as value of "projectID" in .secrets.

2. Run following command for deploying smart contract to Ropsten network:
    migrate --reset --network ropsten
    
    This will take lot of time. It will deploy smart contract code on Ropsten testnet. 
    
3. Configure metamask to connect to Ropsten Testnet:
    Click on Import existing wallet - Enter value of "seed" present in .secrets
    Enter a password. After setting up metamask, Choose Ropsten Testnet from dropdown. 
    Balance ethers and existing transactions would be shown whenever you click on metamask icon.
    We need to click on Metamask icon and approve transactions every time. This adds security while interacting with the blockchain.

4. Go to test/ directory and run test command -
    truffle test
    
    This will test the smart contract code against given condition.
    
5. Start the server:
    npm start
    
    This will start node.js server in backend.

6. Open Google chrome with metamask configured, enter URL: localhost:8080
   A webpage will open. 
   There are two labels - Enter Data and read data.
   The way to enter data and read data is mentioned in classification/ directory.
